# Contributing to Global CO2 Emissions Tracker Dashboard

Thank you for considering contributing to the Global CO2 Emissions Tracker Dashboard project! 
Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit helps, 
and credit will always be given.

This document outlines some guidelines for contributing to this project. By participating, 
you agree to abide by these guidelines to foster a welcoming and collaborative community.


## How to Contribute

There are several ways you can contribute to the project:

### 1. **Reporting Bugs**: 

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help
wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

If you encounter a new bug or unexpected behavior, please report it by opening an issue 
in the GitHub issue tracker, please include:
* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### 2. **Feature Requests**: 

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

If you have ideas for new features or improvements, feel free to suggest them 
by opening an issue in the GitHub issue tracker.

### 3. **Code Contributions**: 

If you're interested in contributing code, please fork the repository, 
make your changes, and submit a pull request.

If you are proposing a feature:
* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)


## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include additional necessary tests or trials on the dashboard if appropriate.
2. If the pull request adds new functionality or a new chart, ensure that the documentation is updated 
accordingly to reflect these changes.
3. The pull request should work for all currently supported operating systems, supported browser, 
versions of Python and devices where the dashboard is intended to be viewed.


## Code of Conduct

Please note that the `DSCI-532_2024_17_Global-CO2-Emissions-Tracker` project is released with a
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/DSCI-532_2024_17_Global-CO2-Emissions-Tracker/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 
By contributing to this project you agree to abide by its terms.


## Attribution

This `CONTRIBUTING.md` file is adapted from and contains content from the equivalent file generated by [cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [Open Source Guide](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/).